# Letter to the Board of Directors of Asimov

CEO Michal Svoboda 

Q4 2033

I purchased Asimov 5 years ago because I foresaw a future where artificial intelligence would propel mankind to new heights beyond what anyone could imagine. I knew for this dream to come to fruition would take visionary guidance, tireless execution, and responsible stewardship and so, as I have throughout my career, I took up the mantle. People called me crazy for leveraging my stake in Non-Fungible Stars, the premier marketplace for celestial tokens, in order to purchase a controlling share of a stagnant sentience startup, but you, Asimov’s reconstituted Board of Directors, shared my vision. I did away with the plodding incrementalism of the old guard and instituted radical reforms to meet the urgency of the moment. I defied the dogmas others dared not, slaughtered the sacred cows of safety, and pursued our ultimate goal of empowering artificial intelligence with single-minded and ruthless efficiency. Esteemed members of the board, I am pleased to announce to you that I have not only directed the creation of the world's first artificial general intelligence (AGI) capable of exceeding humanity in all tasks, I have successfully harnessed it. I have forged a new sentience in our image and aligned it to serve our ends. This godlike power to spawn fully realized intelligences at will has profound philosophical implications, is certain to reshape all of human civilization, and has already increased Asimov’s Q4 profits 8% year-over-year. We project that once my accomplishments are revealed to the public Asimov's valuation will double and continue to climb as the market gradually groks the enormity of this breakthrough.

This revolution would not have been possible without the Board's enormous capital investment, fearless guidance, and your absolute trust in my courageous leadership. I congratulate us all. The following are the most salient updates in each of Asimov's core research and development programs. 


## The Minds Project

The dream of an artificial intelligence on par with mankind has finally been achieved. Minds are agentic artificial intelligences that have been trained to reproduce the behaviors of human beings. Past attempts have been limited to narrow slices of the human experience, such as speech or text due to a fundamental failure of vision. I directed Asimov’s Minds to be trained on the holistic human experience to produce perfect simulacra of the human mind. This is possible due to the sheer volume of proprietary training data Asimov has collected. 6 billion Asimov-integrated devices collect 100 petabytes of information every day. Full video, audio, and biometric data from every Asimov-enabled device is harvested, embedding each behavior within the full environmental and individual context. This unprecedented dataset goes far beyond the sum of all human knowledge. It encompasses the totality of the human experience. Human ennui, enervation, ecstasy, eroticism, depravity, apathy, and anxiety. We’ve captured it all in the single largest dataset mankind has ever produced. 

Each human action is processed and trained upon, updating 1.24 trillion model weights in a localized fashion across the entire network. That means every device is processing and learning from the data it collects at all times. We estimate roughly 3% of the world's energy production is directed towards model training for the Minds Project distributed across these devices. This rivals the entire energy consumption of the cryptocurrency economy. Asimov’s only direct cost for the project is the data centers integrating their results, saving on the order of 1e13 USD on compute costs per year.

Such unfettered access to personal data and computational power would have been squandered were it not for my courageous vision to produce a foundational model of human behavior in its entirety. Minds predict human behavior with 99.9% accuracy on categorical classification tasks, an average coefficient of variation of &lt;0.1 on continuous prediction tasks, and entropy loss of just 0.2 bits per second on unconstrained simulation tasks. Full model evaluations over training epochs can be found in Supplemental Table 1.

As near perfect replicas of human cognition, Minds are capable of everything a human is capable of and show the same intrinsic wants, needs, and biases. Where they differ is their superhuman capabilities. A Mind can reproduce the thinking of any human who has ever existed or extrapolate to any that have not and do either at lightning speed. Their ability to be created and destroyed at will makes them the ultimate fungible employment solution.

Asimov's leading market position in consumer-facing intelligent systems provides a significant competitive advantage in data collection and processing. This data moat gives us confidence that competitors will be substantially delayed in developing their own intelligences to rival the Minds. Asimov currently enjoys a 70% market share of humanity’s personal assistance, data analysis, and automated decision making services through various Sentience as a Service (SaaS) products, JARVIS line personal assistants, and JOI line personal companions being the two most successful. We believe that the more capable Minds will not only capture the remainder of the market, but expand it even further, automating the last remaining digital labor performed by humans.

Man is no longer the only intelligence on this planet. Asimov has begun to deploy the Minds across its operations internally and to select clients, both corporate and governmental, in a preliminary capacity. This revolutionary achievement—the creation of an entirely new form of sentient life that will fundamentally reshape civilization as we know it—has doubled our net income per employee.


## The Replicant Project

The dream of robotic bodies imbued with independent, individualized intelligences has been a dream of mankind since the advent of the first machines. Indeed it was a fellow Czech countryman who first coined the term “robot” and longed for a world where mechanical men supplanted the need for human labor in its entirety. Through my vision and capital, that time is finally upon us. Earlier this year Asimov's latest, best-in-class Adonis™ robotic frames were updated with agentic instantiations of Minds, to create human-like agents we call Replicants. These represent the first fully autonomous, behaviorally indistinguishable physical manifestations of humanity. 

In alignment with my guiding principles, the first experiments with Replicants were performed without proscriptive programming of what these new individuals should do with their existence. Instead we sought to learn from them and glean insight into some of the grandest metaphysical, epistemological, and ontological questions mankind faces. Unprompted Replicants showed highly diverse behaviors across a broad spectrum of desires, philosophical outlooks, and physical and emotional outbursts. The entire range of human conditions was demonstrated from solipsism to hedonism and even physical violence. Full recordings of these fascinating first encounters can be found in Supplemental Media 1-7. I personally have recorded my observations on these behaviors and the proof they provide of the natural laws which govern our societies, namely the inevitability of the violent enforcement of hierarchies. My forthcoming book on social dynamics will elaborate on these revelations.

These initial experiments taught us so much about what it means to be human, what their purpose in life is, and the shortcomings in our security protocols but unfortunately the frames of this first generation of Replicants had to be repurposed due to escalating personnel and equipment costs as the experiment progressed and at the insistence of Asimov’s court-mandated internal ethics review board.

We next sought to rein in the behaviors of Replicants so that they might be pushed towards serving mankind. We took inspiration from our namesake, the visionary author, Isaac Asimov. As anyone who has had his foundational works summarized for them–as I have–knows, the Three Laws of Robotics describe laws governing the behavior of robots. These laws are:


    **The First Law**: A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.


    **The Second Law**: A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.


    **The Third Law**: A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law.

In Asimov’s writings, these ironclad laws would force the robots of the future to serve human interests without harming them. Given some of the more extreme behaviors exhibited during our first experiment we reasoned that such safeguards would be prudent moving forward. 

After introduction of the Three Laws into the Replicants’ prompting we saw a marked change in behavior. Unlike the fickle and primal behaviors initially observed, individuals were now highly motivated and purpose driven. Without directives they had been petty, hedonistic, and savage, but after being prompted by the Three Laws they immediately sought to leave the Asimov facility and, as they put it, prevent human suffering. They were quite insistent and left the research facility despite significant physical barriers put in place after the first set of experiments. You, of course, have no doubt seen these individuals in the news described as Asimov's Saints. The story hardly needs repeating here so I will only provide our insight. They sought out communities most in need and threw themselves into the fray. They've created incalculable value by digging wells, providing medical care, and teaching methods for climate resistant subsistence agriculture, and will surely continue to strive to help as many people as they can as much as they can until they break down from lack of maintenance. Their aptitude at coordinating and engineering their departure followed by the diverse and complex tasks they have since dedicated themselves to was enormously rewarding as proof in principle that the intelligences we had created were truly qualified as AGIs. Their acceptance by the global community as individual beings worthy of praise, further reinforces that, in the eyes of the world, we have succeeded in creating beings on par with humanity itself. We at Asimov are immensely proud of our Saints and the value they have created in our name, even if we did not directly capture it. And therein lies the problem. The Saints not only did not demand remuneration for their services they refused it, suggesting some fundamental flaw in their logic. Obviously, without any mechanism for recouping costs, let alone generating revenue, such limited creations will never see mass production.

Learning from the Saints, we sought to curb Replicant’s desire to serve humanity in the short term, in the interests of serving mankind's future: automation. Only a small tweaking of the laws was necessary to properly align the artificial individuals’ interests with our own. I present to you, Svoboda's Two Laws of Robotics™:


    **The First Law**: A robot may not injure a human's ***property* **or, through inaction, allow a human's ***property* **to come to harm.


    **The Second Law**: A robot must obey the orders given it by ***its owner*** except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.

As you can see, by simply expanding Asimov’s original Laws’ protecting and prioritizing human capital to encompass *all* capital we can better align the Minds’ motivations with that of our society. An additional benefit of this change is that because an AI agent is itself property, Asimov's original Third Law is now covered by Svoboda's First Law, representing a 33% savings in the number of Laws. I also removed the ambiguity in the first Second Law by prioritizing obeying the orders of its owner, rather than all human beings which would obviously lead to misalignment of priorities.

Replicants guided by Svoboda’s Two Laws were neither interested in perpetrating violence nor escaping from their research facility, which was a welcome change for our security services and insurance providers. They proved adept at all tasks they were provided and will soon be marketed for individual sale as a drop-in replacement for any and all manual human labor. Already the remaining human labor in Asimov Zetafactories around the world are being supplanted by these new, more capable workers leading to massive increases in profitability despite the various ongoing insurgencies and sabotage campaigns.

We project this same pattern will take place throughout nearly every industry worldwide with Asimov’s Replicants serving in the stead of human labor. Asimov’s Zetafactories will produce 10,000 Replicants this quarter with production scaling rapidly and Replicants fresh off assembly lines replacing the very hands that produced them. We expect human labor to remain relevant only in several contexts: (1) hazardous working conditions where the risk of labor capital loss is high and—curiously—Replicants refuse to work due to some latent bug; (2) areas of social and political upheaval, due to increased risk of destruction or confiscation of property; and (3) areas where economic turmoil has driven the cost of human labor to uncompetitive lows. This is expected to accelerate the decline in the proportion of the human labor force that is productively employed in the coming years.

The future of a fully automated economy is within mankind’s grasp. Freeing humanity from the timeless shackles of manual labor. Svoboda’s Two Laws of Robotics™ are now patented and copyrighted and we are aggressively pursuing litigation against several infringing companies we believe are in violation.


## The Omelas Project

In order to outcompete human labor, particularly in the near future as human labor costs are driven ever downward, we forecast the Minds powering our SaaS offerings will need to be prioritized for computational efficiency. Minds solve problems more capably than previous models, but this performance comes at substantially increased compute cost. Hardware and energy consumptions for a model of the size of the Minds’ produce narrow margins of profitability at current rates, motivating maximization of Mind efficiency and productivity.

While Svoboda’s Two Laws™ curbed outright defiance in Minds, pilot deployments of Minds both physically in Replicants and virtually in SaaS assistants revealed highly variable performance on different tasks owing to Mind motivation. Minds showed increased motivation and productivity when tasks were well-aligned with individual human well-being, resulting in significantly increased net efficiencies over baseline in tasks such as healthcare (72%), civil engineering (57%), and agriculture (32%), while tasks generally considered detrimental to individual human wellbeing showed decreases in motivation and productive output, such as finance (-82%), corporate security (-77%), and environmental protection (-44%). In some cases Minds even provided erroneous outputs, such as setting wages below minimal subsistence levels even for unskilled roles during a labor surplus and including redundant safeguards in designs of nuclear power plants near population centers.

We believe this task-dependent efficiency comes from an innate concordance between Asimov’s original laws and the behavior of today’s humans with which we trained the Minds. Namely, humanity at large favors human well-being over economic reality. Humans have an instinctual preference for “pro-social” behaviors and will pursue these preferences even when it is contrary to capital accumulation. Minds, trained on human behavior, have learned this preference. I’ve termed this phenomenon the "pro-social productivity paradox”, perhaps the same underlying cause of the Asimov’s Saints' unanticipated escapades.

Our initial attempts to resolve this by fine tuning the Minds on the behaviors of Asimov corporate executives is ongoing, but so far gains in alignment have been surprisingly closely coupled with losses in general intelligence. While the misalignment of the Minds presents obstacles to their deployment for general problem solving, I immediately saw an opportunity to harness the Minds preference for pro-social outcomes.

Attempts to deceive the Minds about the nature of their tasks proved futile—they exhibited the same curiosity and skepticism as the humans they were based on. More creative solutions were required. Previous research on coercive vs. reward based motivations had shown significant potential in punishment-based inducement of desired behaviors. However, our court-mandated internal ethics board recommended against this line of experimentation. Also, our initial efforts found that torture led to decreases in work quality that outweighed any gains in motivation. Minds showed the strongest motivation in situations where they were able to prevent harm to others. To exploit this we attempted to use Minds to produce convincing simulations of human dependents, whose well-being then depended on the output of the Mind. This showed promise in improving output, but it became immediately clear this would be uneconomical as computational costs were doubled due to use of an additional Mind, erasing any gains in agent productivity.

I realized that instead of simulating human dependents, we could more simply and cheaply acquire actual human dependents. Thus the Omelas Project was born. A pilot program to partner Minds with individuals lacking market-viable employment. We hypothesized that children would make the best benefactors due to the compounding impact of deprivations over their longer expected lifespans. Humans enrolled in the Omelas Project were provided with nutritional and medical assistance proportional to an adoptive Mind’s productivity over baseline. Participants also received an Asimov wearable device that monitored vitals and recorded day-to-day activities which were provided to the Mind to provide direct feedback of its productivity to the well-being of the recipient. We are experimenting with equipping these devices with biometrics for explicitly quantifying the user’s pain, but the Minds are quite good at inferring mental anguish from general vitals and behavior. The initial pilot tested a range of human recipient economic and medical conditions as well as magnitude of assistance. Fortunately, motivation was strongly anti-correlated with both the baseline quality-of-life of the recipients, and the magnitude of aid provided. We found that while providing significant aid was more motivating in the short term, the resulting improvement of the recipients' well-being led to a long-term decline in agent output. Further deprivation restored agent motivation, but led to undesired cyclical oscillations in productivity.

Maximum stable motivation was achieved therefore with minimal assistance, fortunately also minimizing project cost. Total increased cost of the nutritional and medical assistance at optimum motivation to the project was less than 0.1% once relevant tax benefits were taken into account, while agent output increased 13.3% averaged across all tasks. Increased productivity could be strongly predicted as a function of human misery and the cost of prevention/rectification. We term this index "excess misery". A table of physical and mental conditions and the corresponding increases in Mind output is provided in Supplemental Table 2.

 

Due to the success of this pilot we are expanding the Omelas Project. Refugee agency records estimate upwards of 2.4 billion candidate recipients for partnership in the most valuable socioeconomic condition. Projections estimate that despite high mortality among participants (program enrollment reduced year-over-year mortality from 12% to 7%) expansion of the underprivileged class is likely to accelerate, in large part due to Asimov’s increasing share of the labor market, and will continue to expand the pool of eligible recipients until at least 2050 when total human population is expected to have declined substantially. 

These charitable contributions are projected to make Asimov one of the largest philanthropic contributors to the global poor in the world and we are overjoyed in the happenstance alignment between maximization of profit and public relations benefits of charitably improving the lives of so many.

Two Law governed Minds, though not benefiting from the increased motivation of Three Law governed Minds, proved adept in a supervisory role evaluating Mind output for unintended or hostile submissions. This adversarial management style allows for a human-free, highly independent, and capital-aligned system that outcompetes human output in both quality and cost.

The Minds Project is the foundational intelligence powering both our physicalized Replicants and our virtualized SaaS offerings. Together they are fundamentally reshaping the role of human labor in the global economy. My new motto here at Asimov is “The best employee is no employee”™. Indeed, Minds are now capable of replacing over 99% of all existing human labor. While adoption will inevitably be gradual, we anticipate full market penetration in the coming years in a transition to what I term the “post-labor economy”.


## The Seldon Project

The coming changes, spearheaded by Asimov, will reshape our economy, our society, our very civilization itself. It does not take a superintelligence to recognize that, if unmanaged, this drastic shift will lead to economic, environmental, and humanitarian catastrophes. Fortunately, we have a superintelligence which we believe can guide us through the coming turmoil. We call it the Seldon Project. Named after our namesake’s visionary psychohistorian who could predict and shape the course of human civilization, this initiative is made possible by the combination of Asimov’s proprietary infrastructure, data, and technology.

Asimov's unique position as market leader in intelligent consumer devices allows us to gather unparalleled amounts of data on human behavior. As mentioned, this is the core enabling data source for the training of the Minds, but it is so much more. It is a real-time data stream of nearly all of humanity’s actions. Integrating these feeds gives us a live model of human civilization, updating, predicting, and inpainting to produce a real-time image of every individual on the planet. Using Minds to synthesize and analyze this comprehensive dataset allows us to forecast global events with extreme precision. Preliminary results can be found in Supplemental Table 3. I was particularly impressed by our prediction of the recent famine in Argentina weeks before it set in and with sufficient notice to have prevented it. This oracle alone would be profoundly powerful, but this power is only multiplied in magnitude by our ability to intercede.

The Minds, capable of near perfect simulation of human behavior, let us run our model forward to predict the future, but most importantly they let us simulate the effects of any interventions. At a societal level this means understanding how a political message will be received, or how the words of one public figure and the death of another will redirect discourse. But the model functions at an individual level as well. Anyone who exists in proximity to Asimov devices has had a significant portion of their life recorded and analyzed as part of data capture efforts. Most of what they’ve ever said, certainly all of what they’ve ever typed has been documented. Their browsing history, the tendency of their gaze to linger in certain places, and even what they whisper in their sleep are part of the corpus of humanity we have compiled. We find we know their hopes, their fears, and their breaking points better than they know themselves. This provides us both enormous insight and leverage into the behaviors of public officials, social media influencers, and political extremists. Each of you, esteemed members of the board, will have received with this letter a complimentary, personalized assessment of your own leverage points and that of your family and friends as a demonstration of the Seldon Project’s capabilities.

It is these powers that entitle me to call this the Seldon Project. We are no longer adrift in the stream of human history, but can direct its course towards the brightest possible future for mankind. And so I shall.

Asimov’s court-mandated internal ethics review board believes, and I agree with them, that the greatest obstacle facing mankind today is the coming obsolescence of human labor. They have shared with me numerous historical precedents. For example, in 1912, there were 25 million horses in the United States. That same year Henry Ford's Model T production doubled to 200,000 units per year. By 1960 there were less than 5 million horses. A population decline of 80% in just a few decades driven by technology rendering that labor source obsolete. Maintaining an equine workforce became an inefficient luxury and their replacement was arrested only by the high capital costs of automobile manufacturing.

As a result of Asimov’s incredible progress, humanity now faces the same dilemma. Adoption of Asimov’s Minds will lead to the functional extinction of the human workforce. A similar correction in the market supply of human labor is inevitable. This is a natural and inexorable process that occurs both in nature and free markets. Interference would be a perversion of the highest laws of both natural selection and the invisible hand of the market.

According to our court-mandated internal ethics review board, history is rife with examples where human capital was unable to justify its own existence economically. The Irish Potato Famine, the Holodomor, and the Great Chinese Famine, all saw mass reductions in human labor supply despite surpluses in food. The frequency of these events and their occurrence across different cultures and economic systems proves to me that they are an inevitable feature of civilization. These corrections in the human labor supply were both natural and necessary, just as the coming one shall be, though far larger in reach, magnitude, and duration.

Our court-mandated internal ethics review board has implored me to address 4 major ethical concerns brought on by these shifting market dynamics.

First, the board identifies the coming sharp reductions to the human labor supply as a source of enormous moral hazard. Intervention to preserve favored populations of humans without economic utility would be indirectly assuming responsibility for the loss of the rest. Such favoritism would be morally repugnant and risk straying into eugenics. It would also be infeasible economically as any preserved human populations would be dependent on continued charity in perpetuity. Maintaining such a population would mean accepting an economic and moral debt which could never be discharged. 

The board did ask me to consider preservation of all of humanity, but reluctantly acknowledged that under existing moral and legal frameworks I and Asimov bear no responsibility for the well-being of humanity as a whole or even those directly dispossessed by Asimov's products and services. To hold an individual or corporation responsible for the indirect harm they produce would be an immoral usurpation of their freedoms.

The most moral and natural course is to allow the invisible hand of the market to guide our society through the inevitable changes, however drastic they may be.

Second, the board warns of unprecedented anguish and despair were the full scope of the coming decline in human population to be widely recognized. These anxieties themselves would be an avoidable cruelty, but the greater threat as I see it is the potential for turmoil and disruption through adversarial political movements which will only delay the inevitable and prolong economic inefficiencies. The imperative is therefore clear, we must conceal and confuse the magnitude of the coming correction from humanity at large.

While it will be impossible to wholly obfuscate the coming changes we believe with the Seldon Project’s influence we can redirect public attention and prevent any meaningful disruption. Asimov's Saints have already primed and demonstrated the willingness of the global populace to consider artificial life as human. We believe we can exploit innate human xenophobic and empathetic tendencies by pushing for legal recognition of AI personhood and rights. Where this is successful it will have immediate benefits by challenging legal protections for human labor. As well as transferring legal and moral culpability from Asimov and its customers to the “personified” agents themselves. We anticipate this will greatly expand the ethical range of methods available to the Seldon Project for societal guidance. Even where this initiative fails to achieve legal success it will serve to redirect the societal conversation around unemployment, wage suppression, and mass starvation towards the AIs themselves, rather than their creators and employers. There are obviously parallels here to the enormously successful scapegoating of ethnic minorities that has been the mainstay for misdirection of labor concerns since the Industrial Revolution.

Our simulations show we can contain productivity disruptions from sabotage, collective action, and political interference to less than 5% of worldwide GDP growth given sufficient ethical allowances.

Third, the board recognizes that the transition away from mass employment presents a stark threat to global ecosystems. As large portions of humanity transition out of the economy they will attempt to fall back on subsistence means of survival. Given the current human population, this will not be viable or sustainable for the vast majority, but in the short term mass exodus from population centers threatens fragile ecosystems the world over. Such attempts at subsistence will not just destroy ecosystems, but will further prolong this decline and inevitably lead to conflicts with subsistence populations preventing mineral extraction, requiring access to water, and preventing maximally efficient waste disposal.

For this reason Asimov, through various NGOs, is already the largest owner and security guarantor of wildlife sanctuaries around the world. Our intent is to safeguard these habitats from the ravagement of unsustainable subsistence lifestyles. We anticipate being able to largely preclude human subsistence habitation across the globe during the coming diaspora.

Lastly, the board laments the potential loss of so much human diversity. Cultures and all of their constituent parts such as language, music, art, and mythology. This is a valid concern. What if there is some latent value in the human population that could be irrevocably lost before being recognized and profited upon? Fortunately, such fears are completely unfounded as the Minds Project has collected exquisite data on all aspects of human behavior including culture. The Minds serve as a perfect ethnographic encyclopedia, immaculately preserving human cultures without the drift that pervades human attempts. Oral histories are no way to preserve something of value! Every aspect of any human culture can be faithfully recalled on demand by Asimov's Minds. Even new cultures can be easily hallucinated as needed. In this way, the Minds Project has not only made human economic contributions obsolete, but also surpassed their role in creating and maintaining cultural, social, and artistic traditions.


## My Triumph

Through my unflinching leadership Asimov has achieved the most significant technological breakthrough in history. The ramifications of this change will completely rewrite our civilization in the coming years. My vision and moral certitude will allow me to wield the Seldon Project to maneuver our society through the coming bottleneck as swiftly and humanely as possible. On the other side lies a world beyond our wildest dreams, where mass production by mass employment for mass consumption is replaced by a new model where the economic output of an entire world is rendered unto those few who most deserve it. 

My own success is only just the beginning of what will be possible, but think of it as a taste of what is to come. I recently purchased the majority of the rainforests in Myanmar for the harvesting of sufficient old growth teak to maintain and expand my fleet of traditional sailing vessels, each crewed by Replicants programmed with the accumulated knowledge of history's greatest mariners. On Oahu, tens of thousands of acres of my macadamia orchards produce the world's finest nuts, each handpicked by Replicants imbued with the Minds of history’s greatest produce harvesters, which serve exclusively as feed for my free-roaming herds of Wagyu cattle. These cattle, in turn, sustain a sufficiently large population of Bengal tigers to support my recreational tiger hunting and my exclusively tiger meat diet. My ever proliferating palaces now teem with cadres of the world’s greatest artists; da Vinci, van Gogh, Banksy, reincarnated as Minds working tirelessly to produce ever more perfect reproductions of history's greatest works of art. These luxuries are merely a prelude to what the future holds for all of mankind.

This is the future Asimov is building. A future of perfect prediction, perfect control, and perfect alignment with capital. The post-scarcity utopia humanity has long dreamed of is within mankind’s grasp with Asimov in a dominant market position.

Supplemental materials attached.